welcome to Dan cooking the only show on
YouTube where you learn to cook like a
damn welcome to cooking of Donna we're
making florentina pizza you will need
cigs flops around parmesan Peter saw
preheat the oven to 450 degrees
Fahrenheit where Dan we're in England
200 degrees Celsius put the sauce on the
pizza put the mozzarella on the cheese
what put the mozzarella on the pizza
amidst great the papasan put a few
tablespoons of water in a pan add 175
grams of spinach measuring is for babies
but the spinach in pub and turn it on
for like a few minutes take the spinach
put it on the pizza put the pizzas in
the oven for 10 minutes so Hannah while
we're waiting um been confused on a
couple like bits and pieces of English
history and I wonder if you could
perhaps like fill me in on that for
instance like how many wives depend in
the 8088 one ready okay basically you
build a house out of your spinach this
is the doll say like who's that playing
with your food is the baby okay and
you're going to crack an egg in the
center works specifically in the nursery
you don't want to raise a child when
like the laundry dude very good tell
myself dumbest up no matter like
actually works see well the yolk is in
the scent of the the Wyatt has sort of
gone everywhere it's still on with your
turn oh god please please oh good yeah
yours is a little like a circle in my
plastic bag on to use to the other if
you do this properly the egg probably
shouldn't be dripping off the edge
that's my pizza yeah yeah
should the eggs have runny egg whites
the pizza is burning but the egg is
still hot cooked it is literally it's
liquid right oh actually but that's a
bit hard oh my god we did it oh it's
like jello Oh Michael I think we ever
cooked the egg is Jilla we've turned
this egg into jello Wow mission cup only
I'm cooking with Donna pottery this is
the worst thing I've every man Luke that
was plastic I also found this remote in
my pizza tastes okey um so damn has some
explaining to do yeah so it turns out um
I accidentally delete the entire first
half of this video so we reshot it
without a pizza salad anyone but in your
mouth in your mouth